I'm Dr. Jonathan Barker, pastor here at Amazing Grace Baptist Church in Mount area, North Carolina.
I would like to personally thank you for taking out time today to tune in to our preaching podcast.
We hope that this message will be a great encouragement to your heart today.
Second Peter chapter number three.
I want you to, first of all, look in verse number one.
I already kind of said this, but the Bible opens up here in this chapter with this second epistle beloved.
I now write unto you in both which I stir up your pure minds by way of remembrance."
That's what I want to do this evening with the help of the Lord.
We need to be stirred up, you know what?
People every now and again, hey, we need to be stirred.
We need to understand that there's some things that are important in the Bible.
We need to keep those in our mind because as humans, you know, a lot of times we get our eyes off on this world and off on the things around us and we get our eyes off of what's truly important.
It's easy to do.
And so the Bible constantly gives us things that we need to remember.
Now look down in verse number seven.
I'm going to skip around a little bit for a sake of time.
The Bible says, but the heavens
and the earth which are now, by the same word or kept in store, reserved unto fire against the day of judgment and perdition of ungodly men.
But beloved, be not ignorant of this one day, that one day is with the Lord as a thousand years and a thousand years as one day.
The Lord is not slack concerning His promise as some men count slackness, but as long suffering to us were not willing that any should perish, but that all should come to repentance.
But the day of the Lord will come as a thief in the night in the which the heavens shall pass away with a great noise and the element shall melt with fervent heat.
The earth also and the works that are therein shall be burned up.
Well, we need to remember this.
We need to keep this in mind tonight.
All right.
Verse 11, seeing then that all these things shall be dissolved, what manner of persons ought ye to be in all holy conversation and godliness, looking for and hasting unto the coming of the day of God, wherein the heavens being on fire shall be dissolved and the elements shall melt with a fervent heat.
Nevertheless, we, according to His promise, look for new heavens and a new earth wherein dwelleth righteousness.
Let's pray.
Dear Heavenly Father, thank you for your word tonight.
God, I pray that you would bless it.
God, and help me as I preach.
Father, the message you've laid upon my heart this evening.
God, I pray that you would speak to our hearts tonight.
God, teach us something from your word.
And God, I pray that you would do a work in us that only you can do.
Father, I pray you'd save that one that may be lost in our midst tonight.
And God, do a work in that one that may be out of your will tonight or a for all from you, God.
Just have you will and wave father.
We love you in Jesus name.
I pray a man and a man.
Thank you for standing.
You can be seated.
Now here's Peter's message right here.
It's very simple message.
Here's what it is.
All right.
Since Christ will return and frightening judgment, we must live in holiness and light of that day.
Everything that we ought to do should be done with a view of that day.
preacher, what day is it?
It's the day of the Lord.
We could say it this way, the second coming of the Lord.
Why should we keep our minds on that?
Because there is a world that is going to go away.
There's a world that's going to be destroyed.
There are people in this world that will be destroyed.
Everything that we know will be destroyed.
And Peter here, he's not interested in setting forth a detailed chronological account of the end time so that we can draw up prophecy charts and things like that.
Rather, he's driving home this one main point and that is this world and all that it treasures is going to burn.
Yeah.
Let's go ahead and get that out in the open, preacher.
This ain't heading in a good direction.
Well, it gets better, but everything here, everything in this world is temporary.
It's all going to burn this world and all that it treasures will burn and God is going to recreate a new heaven and a new earth in which righteousness dwells.
And because of this fact, you and I as children of God should be looking forward
to that new heaven and new earth.
That's what he's trying to tell.
In other words, we don't, we are not natural inhabitants of this earth.
We are strangers and pilgrims.
We are aliens on this planet.
We're just passing through.
And when you see everything that's going on in the world, that's about how I feel about it.
Amen.
It's kind of like I pulled up on that really bad street and I saw something I didn't want to see and I rolled my window down and I just shook my head and I went on.
Right?
That's the way this world is, y'all.
It's a big dumpster fire as far as our society is concerned right now.
I'm glad it ain't my home, ain't you?
Hey, it's not my home.
Hey, my daddy used to say this.
I've heard him say it.
I don't know how many times one of the biggest problems with the church in our day is that we have driven our tent pegs too deep into the world.
That ought not be.
We're living for our home and our home is not on this planet.
I'm just a visitor.
And so we need to bake a basic choice tonight church.
Do you want to live for everything that is certain to be destroyed?
Or do you want to live so that you will have an inheritance in that new heaven and new earth?
Which is it?
It's a logical question.
And so I'd like to preach on the thought this evening of are you ready?
Are you ready?
Ready for what?
The second coming of the Lord.
the day of his wrath.
Are you ready for it?
You might be thinking, these verses unsettle me, these verses that don't make me feel very good.
Well, can I just tell you tonight, in spite of all that is happening here in these verses, in spite of everything that we read, these verses excite me.
Let me explain it to you real quick.
It excites me because with all of the bad things going on in the world,
all the terrorists, all of the apostates, all of the counterfeits and wars and hunger and all the bad things in this world.
No matter how bad it gets, honey, I know how the story ends and that excites me rather than say, uh, look at what the world is coming to honey, we can look and say who is coming to the world.
The cornerstone of our faith is the deity of Jesus Christ.
The hope of our faith is that Jesus Christ is coming again to rule and reign in power and great glory.
And we can shout on that tonight because he's going to make all the wrongs right.
He's going to come back and establish his kingdom and he's, he's going to rule and he's going to reign.
And hey, if you're saved tonight, you can shout on that.
This is the message we need to listen to because there is anarchy in the world.
There is apostasy in the pulpit, but God forbid that there should be apathy in the pew.
We should be stirred by these things.
And as Peter set forth to doing this chapter, we need to be stirred up.
And so with that in mind, I have three considerations for you to ponder this evening.
And I'm going to tell you something.
I love the word of God.
And in this message, I'm going to show you some things from the Word of God just because here's the thing.
We ain't reading some cunning fable.
It's not something a man devised.
And I'm going to prove that to you in just a minute.
We're not just reading a story that a man wrote.
We are reading the very word of Almighty God denied.
And we need to understand that.
And if you grasp that fact, you will be stirred by the Word of God.
That's my prayer tonight.
So let me give you three considerations.
The first one, I want you to consider that this day is an appointed day.
We're talking about the day of the Lord.
We're talking about the day, the great day of His wrath that we read about in the Old Testament.
We're talking about the second coming of Christ here.
It is an appointed day.
Look in verse number seven, the Bible says, but the heavens and the earth,
which are now by the same word or kept in store, reserved unto fire against the day of judgment and perdition of ungodly men.
Now look at that phrase in that verse by the same word.
What word is that?
Well, we read it in verse number five, where the Bible says, for this they willingly are ignorant of that by the word of God, the heavens were of old and the earth standing out of water and in the water.
And so we're talking about by the same word, what word the word of God, the very word that created anything and everything?
The word of God in creation, which kept the sea within our bounds until the time for the appointed flood now holds the fire in check.
That's what Peter's talking about right here.
And regardless of what the scoffers say, the world did not come about as the result of a big bang.
Man in the animal kingdom did not evolve from some sort of primordial soup.
We are not the offspring of some germ or bacteria placed here by traveling space aliens.
God made this universe by his very word, just as Genesis chapter one tells us tonight.
And if you believe any of that other, can I just say you got more faith than I do?
Because I don't have enough faith to be an atheist.
I don't have enough faith to believe that I came from a sale of a germ or a piece of bacteria that space aliens dropped off.
Yeah, we got PhDs that believe that.
I'm sorry tonight.
I hope I don't make anybody feel bad, but I don't have that much faith.
My faith ain't that strong to be honest with you.
I do not have that much faith to believe that.
But I do have faith to believe that in the Bible, the world was created by the Word of God.
It is sustained by the Word of God and it will be judged and destroyed by the same Word of God.
Yeah.
Now I don't believe it just to believe it.
I know it's going to be.
I know it's true.
I'm going to show you a little bit about tonight while the Word of God is the Word of God.
And how the fact that if you deny the Word of God being the Word of God, you're just in denial.
You just don't want to accept it.
You know why a lot of people are atheists?
You know why a lot of people don't believe in the Word of God?
You know why a lot of people don't believe in Jesus?
Because if they believed in it, then they would have to admit that they are sinners and they have done wrong.
It's not that it's unbelievable.
It's just that they don't want to accept what it says.
God has an appointed, He has appointed a day in which He will destroy this old world, not by water, but by fire.
It says the heavens and the earth are kept in store, reserved unto fire.
What does that mean?
Oh, before I get into it, here's a fair warning.
Okay.
I geeked out studying this.
I'm a nerd.
I embraced that fact about me.
If you know me much at all, you'll agree with that.
I'm a nerd.
I am who I am.
I can't help that.
I love learning about everything.
Most people go through life.
They don't care.
They don't have to know how this works and how that I every time I come across something new, I want to figure it out.
That's just me.
I want to know how it works.
I want to know the ins and outs of it.
And especially when it comes to science.
I love science.
I have all sorts of useless knowledge.
My wife will tell you that.
But I'm going to give you a little science lesson in this message, maybe to help you understand the Bible.
In Colossians chapter number one, in verse number 17, the Bible says this, and he speaking about Jesus says, and he is before all things and by him, who Jesus, all things consist.
In other words, he created everything, everything that is here.
He had a hand in the creation of it.
For any of you that think that Jesus just began in Mary's womb, he didn't.
He was God manifested in the flesh.
He's always been the Bible says that the word was in the beginning with God and the word was God.
He puts it all together for us.
But now that, that, that verse there and he is before all things and by him, all things consist that the Greek word from which we get that word consists means this.
to put together, to unite parts into whole, or to be composed of.
In simple language, y'all, it means to hold together.
By Him, all things consist.
By Him, all things are held together.
By whom?
Jesus.
Jesus, He's got the whole world in His hand, right?
He's got you and me,
in his hand.
I forget the rest of it.
It's been a long time since Sunday school.
So creation was created by God and creation continues by God because God is holding it all together.
Our text says everything we know is kept in store.
The heavens and the earth are now kept in store.
Did you know that our world is composed of elements that in any other arrangement would be catastrophic?
We literally live surrounded by atomic power or nuclear power use either one that you want, they mean the same.
And you know what about that is it's all held in a delicate balance by its creator.
Let me give you an example.
We're all breathing tonight, right?
I'm probably sucking more wind than anybody else in here.
But we're breathing anyway.
Well, what are we breathing?
Most of the time you just say oxygen.
You'd be correct in saying oxygen, but technically you're breathing 21% oxygen and 79% nitrogen.
Okay.
That's what you're breathing tonight.
Now let's just think about this for a second.
What does a fire need in order to get hot?
It needs oxygen, right?
It's got to have oxygen without oxygen.
A fire will not rage.
Without oxygen, you got a fire going.
If you seal out all of the oxygen, you rob it of everything that it is and it will not blaze at that point.
Well, what about nitrogen?
Well, I don't want to get kicked off a live stream.
So we'll just put it like this.
Nitrogen is very flammable.
Okay.
It is.
And somehow God has allowed us to breathe this mixture of oxygen and nitrogen is in our lungs all day long and yet it's perfectly safe.
But separated on their own can be very dangerous.
That's interesting, isn't it?
Think about this.
Think about water.
What makes up water?
Good old H2O.
We all know the periodic table of elements when it comes to water, don't we?
Hydrogen and oxygen.
They mix together.
But here's the thing, both of those things are highly combustible yet when they're combined.
They form the liquid that sustains life rather than destroying it.
You gotta have water.
You can last longer without food than you can without water.
We have to have water.
We gotta have oxygen.
Think about this.
Anybody know what an atom is, ATOM?
You can't trust them.
You know why?
I prayed God would give me an opportunity to tell a dad joke from the pulpit.
You can't trust an atom.
You know why?
Because they make up everything.
All right.
Let's get back in here.
An atom, y'all.
That's the smaller.
That's what science calls the smallest thing that makes up matter.
Okay.
It's an atom.
And our very bodies are built of atoms, which is the same structures that when they split can vaporize entire cities.
I'll say more on that in just a minute, but just keep that in mind right now.
Okay.
What about this?
What about the earth's crust?
Do you know that you and I are walking on a surface that is separated by a vast sea of molten lava by only a few miles of rock?
Well, for each or a few miles of rock, that's pretty big.
Yeah, it is.
But do you know to put it in perspective on scale?
Do you know what the earth is?
Think about an egg.
The crust is nothing but an egg shell and the inside of the egg is nothing but molten lava in this earth.
Kind of puts a different view on it, doesn't it?
And the same God who designed these elements to be life giving can at any moment alter their arrangement.
And we exist only because he holds these fearful fires in check.
You don't have to admit that, but you can be wrong if you want to.
God is holding us together.
Literally.
And right now these elements are kept in store.
The Bible says they are reserved for an appointed day.
Can I just put it like this?
I know this ain't going to, you know, this don't give nobody warm and fuzzies, but hopefully you're all right as long as you save tonight, but you will be all right if you saved, but can I just put it this way?
God created everything with a kill switch.
Yeah.
And you can still go home and get plenty of good rest tonight.
Cause he ain't gonna do you wrong.
Hey man, right now all these elements, they're kept in store.
They're reserved for an appointed day.
And here's what I'm here to tell you, it will happen.
We just don't know when.
The Bible tells us that no man knows what the hour, but it is coming.
My question tonight is, are you ready?
Consider with me number two.
It's not only a,
an appointed day, but it's an approaching day.
Look in verse number eight, nine, but beloved, be not ignorant of this one thing at one day is with the Lord as a thousand years and a thousand years as one day.
The Lord is not slack concerning his promise as some accounts slackness, but as long suffering toward us word, not willing that any should perish, but that all should come to repentance.
Y'all, we can only experience life a moment at a time.
you and I were locked into the present, but God in contrast gathers all of the time.
That's past time, that's present time, that's future time, all into an eternal present tense.
Well, how do you figure that preacher?
Well, because he is the great I am.
When he was asked what his name was, he said, I am.
What does that mean?
Well, that means he is.
He's in the past.
He's in the present.
He's in the future.
He's all time at the same time.
And honey, I can't figure that out.
But that's what he says.
He doesn't just exist in the past.
He doesn't just exist in the future.
He simply is.
He always has been.
He always will be.
And so knowing that he can experience a thousand years as though it was a single day to us, he could.
He can summon all time before him that's past, that's present, that's future.
He can summon a moment at a time or he can summon all the moments at one time.
And I don't know about y'all.
That stuff blows my mind.
If I think about it too long, I start getting a headache and I have to take time off.
Because I like figuring it out, but I can't figure that one out, y'all.
But you know what?
I wouldn't serve a God that couldn't blow my mind.
You ever thought about that?
People are so stuck on figuring God out, honey, if I could figure him out, he would not be worthy of me following him.
If I could figure him out, he would be none other than just another one of us.
I love the fact that God is smarter than anybody.
I love the fact that he blows my mind and I can't figure him out because I would not serve a God that I could figure out.
People need to think about that.
He's more powerful.
He's more knowledgeable.
He's more capable than anything or anyone else.
And he's my God tonight.
Hallelujah.
He's your God if you're safe tonight.
Amen.
You might be thinking, well, that's a little far-fetched now, but
Think about this, y'all.
Our clocks and our calendars are based on the revolution of the earth upon its axis.
Or you could say the movement around the sun and the movement of the moon around the earth.
That's how we get our time, okay?
That's how we figure out there's 24 hours in a day, there's 60 minutes, I mean 60 minutes in an hour or 20, but you get all that stuff, seven days in a week.
So where we get all that from?
It's all based on the earth's movement around, we all knew that, it's basic science.
But did you know that there are much larger clocks in the universe?
Some planets have much longer days and years than we do.
Our galaxy itself, the Milky Way, it's revolving on an axis itself.
We revolve and our galaxy revolves.
And as a matter of fact, to complete one year of our galaxy's orbit would take 230 million years of our time as we know it.
Now why did I bore you with that?
It's because
This ain't for fetch.
People say they just can't believe the Bible.
No, you don't want to believe it.
Oh, it's believable.
You just don't want to believe it.
And here's my point tonight, y'all.
God is not taking forever.
He's not.
He's just patient.
He's not willing that any should perish, but that all should come to repentance.
Honey, He doesn't want people to go to hell.
aren't you thankful for his patience tonight?
Oh, if he had patience that I do, he would have, things would have got bad a long time ago.
You say amen to that.
We ain't patient, are we?
We hate that word, don't we?
We don't want to wait for nothing and we're all getting worse and worse every day.
We live in a world that is instant gratification of everything.
But God is patient.
And honey, if he wasn't patient, most of us would not be saved tonight.
Often think of this, how many of us got saved the first time he dealt with us?
No doubt, some of us did, but most of us did not, did we?
Aren't you glad he didn't lose his patience with you?
So don't sit back and think, well, God, you're just taking forever, honey.
It's because he loves people so much.
He doesn't want them to die lost and go to hell.
like our pastor said this morning, he ain't never sent nobody to hell.
He's patient, but he's not going to wait forever.
He's not going to wait forever because it's an approaching day.
Now consider this.
We have an appointed day.
We have an approaching day, but then consider number three tonight.
There's an appalling day here, an appalling day.
Look in verse number 10.
But the day of the Lord will come as a thief in the night and in the which the heaven shall pass away with a great noise and the element shall melt with fervent heat.
The earth also and the works that are there in shall be burned up.
People have heard that Jesus will come again in judgment.
Maybe they've seen a movie about it or read about it in books.
They've heard it preached or they've heard it taught, but they procrastinate from doing anything to get ready.
The devil's greatest lie is you got plenty of time.
Just wait one more day.
You'll be all right.
The pastor said it this morning, straight from the Word of God, our life is nothing but a vapor.
You're not guaranteed to make it home tonight.
You're not guaranteed to wake up tomorrow morning.
You're not guaranteed to have another day.
You're not guaranteed one more breath.
Very breath you just took is on borrowed time for every single one of us.
Why?
Because there's an appointment.
Bible says it is appointed under men wants to die and after this, the judgment.
We have an appointed day, both in the day of the Lord, both in the second coming, both in the rapture.
I know I ain't mentioned much about that tonight cause I'm trying to stay on point here.
Jesus is coming back.
The truth is we don't know when it is.
And the other side of that is our time is limited.
We don't know when that day is either.
So you better be ready.
two things can be said about this appalling day because of the illustration used here as a thief in the night.
And that is this, it's going to be surprising.
You know, a thief coming to my house in the night is pretty surprising thing, isn't it?
Yeah, I ain't ready for that.
I ain't looking for that.
You ain't either, are you?
Well, I'd mess you up.
It'll be surprising.
Unbelievers mark the coming of our Lord and it will come to them as a surprise.
truth is most of a setting here will be surprised.
But then not only will it be surprising, but here's the second fact that we find in that is it'll be speedy.
It's going to be surprising, but it's going to be speedy.
Thieves don't waste any time, do they?
They move quickly.
And it will be so quick that unbelievers will have no chance to escape its judgment.
We heard it from our pastor this morning.
He was reminiscing about that fire that he was in, that he about lost his life.
And he said in that moment, he wasn't worried about nothing but living, getting out of life.
Honey, if you think tonight that you're going to be able to get in at the last minute, you better watch out.
You don't come to God on your terms.
You come to God on his terms.
And this is going to happen so fast when he comes.
You ain't going to have time to make arrangements.
The prominent thing about this climactic end of the day, it's going to be surprising.
It's going to be speedy.
But then the prominent thing that we read about here is the fiery judgment upon the world.
This text here in 2 Peter 3 is speaking of the 2nd coming of Christ, the day of the Lord at the end of all time.
And what's interesting is the words given dissolved and the phrase, element shall melt.
Do you see that in your Bibles?
You okay with another science lesson?
Honestly, I don't want to bore anybody.
But what I want to do is amaze you with the Word of God.
So here, listen carefully.
Y'all remember my dad joke about Adams?
Y'all remember that, right?
Y'all ain't forgot it yet, have you?
That was like two minutes ago.
All right, keep that in mind.
every single thing that exists is made up by Adams.
John Phillips said it this way.
Each and every atom carries a furnace of doom within its tiny heart.
Adams consists.
Y'all remember that word, right?
We talked about consists while ago.
They consist of three things, neutrons, protons and electrons.
All right.
When the atomic bomb fell on Hiroshima and Nagasaki, a great light fell on these verses right here.
And here was the great light that fell on them.
It's something called atomic fission or nuclear fission.
Fission is the opposite of fusion.
Fusion is when something is held together like our sun.
Let me illustrate it this way.
Our son is a massive floating ball of energy and it is held together by a force we can't see.
Wonder what that is.
That's God.
And if fission were to happen to the fusion, sorry, I'm trying not to be confusing.
what would happen to our son is that it would split off.
And what would happen is millions upon millions and millions of little balls of energy like bullets would go flying somewhere around the speed of light, which I think is like 236 million miles a second.
I can't remember.
Somebody knows that y'all look it up.
That's chaos.
What would happen to it?
It would dissolve.
Does that make sense?
You know why it hasn't?
Because there is an unseen force that is holding it together.
This is science.
Now, when the atomic bomb fell on Hiroshima, a great light fell upon these verses because
the splitting of atoms is exactly what we are reading about in 2 Peter chapter 3 verse 10.
What happens when an atom is split, when the proton, the neutron and the electron cease to be held together, consist, as the Bible says in Colossians 1, the tremendous force that is caused by the splitting consumes whatever is being split.
Best way I can illustrate that is right here in the Word of God where it says, the heaven shall pass away with a great noise and the element shall melt with a fervent heat.
Do you realize that when we drop that bomb on Hiroshima, the people that were within a certain proximity, their shadows of all things got burned into the pavement?
and into the walls.
You talk about energy, that's energy.
Thinking of what I just said again, think about those words, element shall melt, shall be burned up and dissolved, dissolved simply means, y'all know what dissolved means?
To break up, I love word studies in the Bible.
To break up, to destroy
I believe that according to the Bible, church, y'all hear me and hear me well, God holds all things into existence and one day He will just let go.
And when He does, it's all going to melt away with a fervent heat.
God built.
We won't talk about intelligent design and intelligent creation.
You tell me how intelligent
Our creation is when God instilled a self-destruct mechanism in everything that exists.
Boy, that's smart, isn't it?
That's God.
He don't miss anything.
And you know what?
He had all this plan from the foundation of the world.
You know what else?
He had plan from the foundation of the world to save mankind.
from the destruction.
Yeah.
And before I move on, I'm almost done.
I also find it amazing, y'all, y'all just hear me out here, okay?
I find it absolutely amazing that Peter who wrote about this, his second Peter, man that wrote about this, he's just a common fisherman.
He was even described at one point in the Bible as unlearned, ignorant, loud.
I always thought before he talked, right?
So here's my question.
How in the world did he know anything about nuclear fission?
And how did Paul who wrote Colossians know anything about nuclear fusion?
Well, friend,
I'll tell you why, because they were inspired by the same God that created that.
This ain't a man's book.
This was written by God himself.
How in the world would these men have a clue what they were writing about?
Can I tell you?
He didn't have a clue what he was writing about.
He was just writing what God was moving in him to write.
Can you imagine that being a flaw on the wall?
What on earth is this talking about?
What on earth?
What am I saying?
It's all going to melt away.
I mean, y'all, y'all, everything like it?
Imagination.
Y'all to use it every now and again.
A man's hand may have written the Bible, but the words came from God himself, y'all.
And here's another little bit of a pointless fact to give you.
nuclear fission wouldn't actually discovered by scientists until 1938.
And yet it's in here.
Thousands of years ago, Peter is writing about something scientists didn't even know until 1938.
Yeah, God wrote this book.
God inspired this book.
If you don't believe it, it's cause you're in denial and you don't want to believe it.
You can't make this stuff up.
We're a gods absolutely incredible tonight.
We ought to understand what we hold in our laps, what we hold in our hands.
Hey, y'all ought to love this right here.
This ought to be more important to you than any treasure in this world.
It's right here, hey, there's nothing wrong with taking it, hugging on it, giving it a kiss every now and again.
Y'all understand, you ever wanted to kiss Chica Jesus?
Okay, don't answer that.
Maybe I'm the weird one.
But I love Jesus.
Don't y'all love Jesus.
We like to show affection to people we love, don't we?
Give them a little hug every now and again.
Okay, it's weird.
I don't kiss other people on the cheek, but you know what?
I hold my Bible every now and again.
I give a little smooch.
there's nothing like this anywhere in this world.
And God loved us enough to give it to us.
God forbid that we're just flipping about it and passive about it.
This is His Word, the one that created all things, the one that saved my soul from a devil's hell, the one that has given me all sorts of blessings in life.
This is His Word.
We ought to love it.
We ought to dig into it.
We ought to learn it.
And full disclaimer, the Bible is not a book of science.
But honey, I want to tell you something, wherever the Bible touches on science, it's a hundred percent right.
The language is forceful here.
The heat will be terrible.
The judgment will be devastating.
Unbelief may be honored by the world today, but it will experience the devastating heat of God's holy wrath.
And honey, I'm glad I'm saved tonight from this destruction.
When all this is going on, when the world is burning, when everything is going away, I'm happy to say tonight, I'll be in the loving and safe arms of my Savior, Jesus Christ.
And if you're saved tonight, you will too.
ain't got a thing to worry about.
I get excited when I read this in script.
I get stirred because I know what's coming.
God's going to make it all right.
My question is tonight, will you be safe?
Are you ready?
We're talking about the destruction of everything that we see and know in this world, all of the things that we hold so precious, our homes, our cars, our businesses, our neighborhoods, all of our possessions, these things that have absorbed our time, our salaries, these things that we have called necessities.
Honey, one day they will all be dissolved and what then will be left.
Well, I'll tell you what to be left, the things that are not seen.
things that are not seen, the important things, the spiritual things.
Yeah, what you build up on this world is not going to do anything but turn and melt one of these days.
What you do for the Father, what you do for the Kingdom, what you do for your Master and Savior Jesus Christ, that will survive all time.
It's the only thing that's going to last.
It's the only thing that's going to be left at the end of it all.